You won't get away...this time...
Here he comes!
- Right! - Right!
He's fast!
Damn it!
I can't move.
Kakashi Hatake...
I was planning to replace the hearts I lost with yours...
but I changed my mind.
I can get more hearts anytime I want, after all...
Die!
Wind Style: Rasengan!
Water Style: Ripping Torrent!
- Hurricane Vortex Jutsu! - Hurricane Vortex Jutsu!
Sorry...we're late.
Perfect timing...
Thanks for the support...
Sakura...Sai...and Naruto.
I've never seen you this beat.
Sorry about that.
This enemy...must be pretty strong.
When You Curse Someone, You Dig Your Own Grave
More strange people...
And he is pretty messed up already...
Naruto, are you okay?
Where is Shikamaru?
He's a little ways off fighting the other enemy.
I want two of you to head towards Shikamaru.
Preferably, a long-distance fighter and a medic.
I'll take care of it.
All right!
Sai and Sakura follow Pakkun's lead and support Shikamaru!
Yes!
Yes.
Hah! What's this unorganized gang trying to do?
Now there're more hearts for me to choose from.
From here on, this one's mine.
Naruto...
We're off!
Naruto, I leave it to you!
Did you...complete it?
No...only about 50 percent.
I see...
But...
Well, just watch.
Naruto is not the same person he used to be.
This way!
Either way... To go against an opponent who killed Asuma alone...
Is Shikamaru-kun... I mean, Shikamaru going to be all right?
Shikamaru is fine.
He is...the most intelligent Shinobi in the Land of Fire.
Plus...
Okay... Well then, let's go.
Sheesh... He has absolutely no interest.
I can't believe he's a sub-captain.
Don't say that. It's difficult for him to show any interest.
In fact, I bet he hates showing it.
He's trying really hard to show disinterest.
I don't get it... Lady Tsunade, aren't you overrating him?
I think I am still underrating him...
This is...?
We recently received an official offer from a Feudal Lord in the Land of Fire...
They want Shikamaru as a member of the Feudal Lord's personal guard division.
It seems Shikamaru's role
as an administrator during the last Chunin exam
caught the attention of one of the lord's assistants.
That means...
Yes. The guard's division is like the Guardian Shinobi Twelve.
This means a lot.
Amazing...
Then did Shikamaru...? Accept the offer?
That boy...
I heard you rejected the Feudal Lord's offer.
Yeah...
It's not a bad idea to experience the world outside.
I don't think I'd be here now...
if I had not been part of the Guardian Shinobi Twelve.
It doesn't matter.
I hate tedious stuff and that won't change in the future.
It's just that...
How should I put it...
It's because I'm concerned about Choji and Ino...
and the other guys in the unit. And well, Naruto...
So I'm just hanging around.
I see... You also have the Will of Fire.
The Will of Fire... The thing the Third used to talk about?
That's right. It refers to the strong will of wanting to protect this village.
It's nothing that noble.
Don't be shy.
You're concerned about them, so you want to protect them, right?
We're all Ninja of the Leaf.
It's bound to happen, even though it's not really my thing.
The Will of Fire shines upon the village.
Well, that's what my dad told me.
Then, I'll shine light on you someday. Just kidding.
No need to worry about Shikamaru.
Besides, this is the battle to avenge Asuma Sensei.
Shikamaru should be fighting the enemy with a perfect plan.
I can move...!
Damn it...
If you had believed in Lord Jashin,
you may have gotten a helping hand in your time of need.
If you'll believe in Lord Jashin from now on...
to honor your reformation...
As if I'd forgive you! Idiot!
I don't care about his forgiveness.
Shadow Pull Jutsu!
Y-You...!
I still have this much...Chakra left.
You...
Wh-What are you doing?!
Just watch...
What?!
What happened?! When did you do this...?!
I had this trap prepared beforehand.
So he didn't just separate us on a whim, but he purposely lured me here?
Then...this was all his plan!
When you curse someone, you dig two holes.
You know what that means?
What?!
If you curse to kill someone, you also get killed in retribution,
that's why you need two holes for the burial.
You cursed and killed my teacher.
Don't think I'll let you get away free and easy.
This hole is your grave.
I am not gonna die...
Even if my body is dismembered into pieces and only my head remains,
I am going to drag myself out and eat your throat!
What?
Deer?
These woods are a special place in the Land of Fire.
Our family is the only ones allowed in. No one else comes here.
Our family will always keep an eye on you.
You did a great job, Shikamaru.
Yeah...
My Will of Fire...is now yours.
You, why...are you turning that on?
It's the Will of Fire... the will to protect our village.
Good bye...Sensei.
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Multiple Shadow Clones...
I see... You are the Nine-Tailed Jinchuriki.
What's the situation and the enemy's power?
The enemy is two Akatsuki.
As I said before, Shikamaru is fighting one of them...
and the other one is in front of us.
This guy has the power to split.
Those two masks on the shoulders split from the torso.
Each mask has a separate heart and moves independently.
He originally had five hearts. He lost two and has only three now.
What do you mean?
I've killed him twice already.
We need to kill him three more times to finish him off.
Plus, he's an intermediate distance fighter
and can use multiple Change in Chakra Natures.
No wonder you were having a hard time...
Naruto!
I heard it!
It's no use charging in recklessly!
You can only make Shadow Clones? You can't beat me with that.
Based on his attack speed and fighting style,
I need at least three Shadow Clones to distract him.
He gathered each clones' experience and processed it...
and based on that, he formed a simulation.
His ability to use Shadow Clones has advanced.
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Three Shadow Clones...
What's...that?
What a...high pitched...Chakra!
What...are they...?
I tried my best... to build it up to here.
All right... To test its ability, let's collide it with my Rasengan. Get ready.
What?! If we do that, what's gonna happen?
If the Jutsu is near completion, my Rasengan will have no effect.
Now let's do it...!
The Fourth...?!
What...is that Jutsu...?!
If I get hit by that...then I'm... definitely doomed.
Wind Style: Rasen Shuriken!
I know teamwork is important.
I also know the path ahead is a dangerous one.
But right now, I want to take that dangerous path alone!
If I can't reach the other end, I will always remain a kid.
So don't take that path away from me.
Next time: "Wind Style: Rasen Shuriken"
It's cold!
I'm bored. When does Team Eight's stand-by order end?
It can't be helped, because Kurenai Sensei is in mourning.
I know! I know but...
Team Ten left on a mission to avenge Asuma Sensei.
And Naruto seems like he is training to complete his new Jutsu.
What?!
Naruto is working hard.
You're blushing.
Huh?
Ahhh, it's nothing... It's nothing...
I see, then that's fine... Let's go by Kurenai Sensei's place!
Let's go, Akamaru.
K-Kiba, wait! Kiba!
I'm alone again, huh?
I have it all to myself...
Ah, this sky is too big.